README.md, before:

# Messenger app using React

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/ivanproskuryakov/messenger.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/ivanproskuryakov/messenger) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

Simple and optimized React Messenger. It includes: 

- [x] React 16.5.2
- [x] ECMAScript 6+ and JSX support
- [x] React Router v4
- [x] Component testing using [Enzyme](https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme) and [Jest](https://facebook.github.io/jest)
- [x] Code Coverage
- [x] Latest Webpack (v.4.16.5), Babel 7 and Webpack Dev Server (v.4.19.1) with Scope Hoisting enabled
- [x] Hot Module Replacement using [react-hot-loader](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader)
- [x] ES6 linting with continuous linting on file change
- [x] SASS support
- [x] Separate CSS stylesheets generation
- [x] Automatic HTML generation
- [x] Production Config
- [x] Custom Babel Preset with Decorators, Class Properties, Rest/Spread operator support
- [x] Export Separate Vendor Files

## Starting the dev server

Make sure you have the latest Stable or LTS version of Node.js installed.

1. `git clone https://github.com/ivanproskuryakov/messenger`
2. Run `npm install` or `yarn install`
3. Start the dev server using `npm start`
3. Open [http://0.0.0.0:8080](http://localhost:8080)

## Available Commands

- `npm start` - start the dev server
- `npm clean` - delete the dist folder
- `npm run production` - create a production ready build in `dist` folder
- `npm run lint` - execute an eslint check
- `npm test` - run all tests
- `npm run test:watch` - run all tests in watch mode
- `npm run coverage` - generate code coverage report in the `coverage` folder

## Code Coverage

The project is using the Jest Code Coverage tool. The reports are generated by running `npm run coverage`. All configurations are located in `package.json`, inside the `jest` object.

The coverage report consists of an HTML reporter, which can be viewed in the browser and some helper coverage files like the coverage json and xml file.

## Production code

Run `npm run production`. The production-ready code will be located under `dist` folder.

Commit message:

Mocking messaging api,  adding info about pusher to readme file

README.md, after:

# Messenger app using React

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/ivanproskuryakov/messenger.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/ivanproskuryakov/messenger) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com)

Simple and optimized React Messenger. It includes: 

- [x] React 16.5.2
- [x] ECMAScript 6+ and JSX support
- [x] React Router v4
- [x] Component testing using [Enzyme](https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme) and [Jest](https://facebook.github.io/jest)
- [x] Code Coverage
- [x] Latest Webpack (v.4.16.5), Babel 7 and Webpack Dev Server (v.4.19.1) with Scope Hoisting enabled
- [x] Hot Module Replacement using [react-hot-loader](https://github.com/gaearon/react-hot-loader)
- [x] ES6 linting with continuous linting on file change
- [x] SASS support
- [x] Separate CSS stylesheets generation
- [x] Automatic HTML generation
- [x] Production Config
- [x] Custom Babel Preset with Decorators, Class Properties, Rest/Spread operator support
- [x] Export Separate Vendor Files

## Starting the dev server

Make sure you have the latest Stable or LTS version of Node.js installed.

1. `git clone https://github.com/ivanproskuryakov/messenger`
2. Run `npm install` or `yarn install`
3. Start the dev server using `npm start`
3. Open [http://0.0.0.0:8080](http://localhost:8080)

## Services
Notification & signals across users are build on top of pusher, see https://pusher.com/, where:
 
- `presence-online` - share and display online presence of users
- `presence-user-X` - realtime message delivery across users of a room(chat) 

## Available Commands

- `npm start` - start the dev server
- `npm clean` - delete the dist folder
- `npm run production` - create a production ready build in `dist` folder
- `npm run lint` - execute an eslint check
- `npm test` - run all tests
- `npm run test:watch` - run all tests in watch mode
- `npm run coverage` - generate code coverage report in the `coverage` folder

## Code Coverage

The project is using the Jest Code Coverage tool. The reports are generated by running `npm run coverage`. All configurations are located in `package.json`, inside the `jest` object.

The coverage report consists of an HTML reporter, which can be viewed in the browser and some helper coverage files like the coverage json and xml file.

## Production code

Run `npm run production`. The production-ready code will be located under `dist` folder.
